hi everyone thank you so much for
watching my video I really hope that you
guys enjoyed it also just before I end
this video kind of want to give you a
little bit of a description of what the
video is about in terms of like the
office so two of the outfits the first
and the second one is what I really want
to talk about
so they're basically outfits that
involved rather girly feminine pieces
put together with a little bit more
masculine or edgy pieces so for example
in the first outfit I wore a crochet top
with the green velvet skirt these are
typically very girly outfits what I did
was I added a denim jacket calm my boots
and also a tutu you know make it a
little bit more masculine so it's kind
of like a mixture of the feminine and
then for the third outfit I had a pink
lace tear top and with that top I
decided to match it with some army green
pants I felt like it was an interesting
kind of balance and mix of the two of
something really really girly such as
lace and then edging it up with
something that's like an army color with
those pants